# Rapalle.net

Made by Rapalle <br>
[Check out our Discord](https://discord.gg/zBmcWdAwsT)




## Impressum

### Information according to § 5 TMG:<br>

<br>
<!-- Tobias Neudert <br> -->
<!-- An der Leiten 23 <br> -->
<!-- 91795 Obereichstätt <br> -->

### Contact:<br>

<br>
<!-- Phone: +49 0162 8738577 <br> -->
Email: RAPALLE.net@web.de<br>

#### Responsible for the content according to § 55 Abs. 2 RStV:<br>

<br>
<!-- Tobias Neudert <br> -->
<!-- An der Leiten 23 <br> -->
<!-- 91795 Obereichstätt <br> -->

#### Liability for Content

The contents of our pages were created with the greatest care. However, we cannot assume any liability for the correctness, completeness, and up-to-dateness of the contents. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages according to § 7 Abs.1 TMG under the general laws. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, we are not obligated as a service provider to monitor transmitted or stored external information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information under general laws remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the time of knowledge of a specific infringement. Upon becoming aware of such legal violations, we will remove this content immediately.<br>
<br>

#### Liability for Links

Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties, on whose contents we have no influence. Therefore, we cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the contents of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. Illegal contents were not recognizable at the time of linking. A permanent content control of the linked pages is, however, not reasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of law. Upon becoming aware of legal violations, we will remove such links immediately.<br>
<br>

#### Copyright

The content and works created by the site operators on these pages are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution, and any kind of exploitation outside the limits of copyright require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this site are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. Insofar as the content on this site was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular, third-party content is marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, we ask for a corresponding note. Upon becoming aware of legal violations, we will remove such content immediately.<br>
<br>

#### Sources

We are permitted to use the images generated by Microsoft Copilot.<br>

This project uses the [Roboto-Condensed] font from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/). The font is licensed under the [SIL Open Font License](https://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL). For more information, visit the [Google Fonts FAQ](https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq?hl=de).<br>

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please read our Contributing Guidelines for more information on how to get started.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Terms of Use

By using or contributing to this project, you agree to the following terms:

1. Use of the Code: If you Use the code in this repository you need to give the repository owners a credit.
2. Use of the Code: Commercial use of the code in this repository is forbidden.
3. Modifications: You may modify the code for your own use. If you distribute the modified code, you must clearly indicate that it has been changed.
4. Contributions: By contributing to this repository, you grant the repository owners the right to use, modify, and distribute your contributions as part of the project.
5. Liability: The repository owners are not liable for any damages or issues that arise from using this code.
6. Compliance: You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations when using this code.
